Christo  10:57 AM 23 Apr 2020

Hi Erik

I hope you are well. I have compiled a rough list of the first
questions that come to mind whenever I start out wanting to develop a
CLI tool. I have just jotted them down as a rough list.

1.  What should the folder structure be for a CLI app that is to be
    executed from the command line without launching it through python
    name_of_app.py <argument1> <argument2> ?


2.  What should I call the module in my app in which I define my entry point?

2.1 Why should it be called this?

3.  Where in my folder structure should this module be located?

3.1 Why is this the location in which the module should be located?

4.  What should be the name of this module?

4.1 Why should I name it like this?

5.  Should I ever put any code in the __init__.py module of a package in my app?

5.1 What is the reason for adding code to the __init__.py module of my package?

5.2 Is there any guidance on what code is valid to include in
    __init__.py of a package?

6.  Where should I place non python files such as config files, or
    SQLite files that my application depends on as part of it functioning?

7.  What is the best way to structure my code for CLI applications?

7.1 How do I structure my code to have multi level command trees? For
    example the docker cli command allowing different second arguments
    based on the first argument (or command) I pass into it?

8.  What are the most effective ways to parse arguments for CLI apps?

8.1 If argparse is considered an outdated way of parsing arguments
    what are the best alternatives?

8.2 Are there any drawbacks to using third party argument parsing
    packages such as Click or Typer?

9.  How do I package my applications for distribution to users for
    installation without using PIP? (if setup.py and setuptools is not the
    correct way)

9.1 How do I package my applications so that they can be installed via PIP?

10. How do I include non-Python files that my application depend on
    such as config files or SQLite database files etc in my distribution?


11. Is there a standard way or a new Python recommended way for
    developing CLI tools?

12. How do I create progress bars on the command line?

I am more than happy to start doing research on these. If you could
provide some guidance on things like best practice and the questions
dealing with layout and packaging it would be greatly
appreciated. Feel free to tell me if you think I should be able to
find the answer to some of these questions in a book or online.
